add guidance  for tip (#1552)
grommet/hpe-design-system: aries-site/src/pages/components/tooltip.mdx

Tooltips should support both mouse hover and keyboard focus.
Do not use tooltips for information that is vital for the user to complete the task.

### Truncation with tooltip

> To display the full text when truncatioon occurs, hover over the truncated text and a tooltip will be shown with the full text.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To display the full text when truncation occurs, hover over the truncated text and a tooltip will be shown with the full text.
```

> Tooltip presents information about a specific element in a small conntainer on top of other content upon hovering. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upon hovering, Tooltip presents additional information about a specific element in a small container. The Tooltip will remain visible as long as the user is hovering over the element.
```

Reviewer 2: Since "Tooltip" isn't the name of the component, I think it should be referred with a lower case ("tooltip"). for referring the Tip component, it will make sense to use Tip.
